Lots of updates (#76)
Stirling-Tools/Stirling-Tools.github.io: docs/Advanced Configuration/Single Sign-On Configuration.md

Once you have added your configuration, you should see the button for your chosen Provider on the login page prompting you to log in:

| ![sso-login-dark-mode.png](/img/sso-login-dark-mode.png) | ![sso-saml-login.png](/img/sso-saml-login.png) |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------|

### Auto-login
> #### ⚠️ Note
> _Auto Login is an enterprise-only feature. To use it you must have `premium.enabled` set to `true` and have a valid license key._

It is also possible to automatically log in to Stirling PDF on start-up using SSO. To enable this feature, set the
property `premium.proFeatures.SSOAutoLogin` to `true`.

> This will redirect to your SSO's URL when any user navigates to stirlingpdfs default login screen. If a login fails 3 times this redirection is disabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will redirect to your SSO's URL when any user navigates to Stirling-PDF's default login screen. If a login fails 3 times this redirection is disabled
```
